Update Ruby documentation to reflect current state (#7327)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/languages/ruby.md

By default, the extension tries to automatically detect the Ruby version manager you're using and use the right versions and paths accordingly. If you want to customize that behavior, set the following configuration in your user [settings](/docs/getstarted/settings.md):

```json
{
  "rubyLsp.rubyVersionManager": {
    "identifier": "rbenv"
  }
}
```

The extension will automatically try to update the `ruby-lsp` language server gem periodically; if you want to force that to happen, use the Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`) to execute **Ruby LSP: Update language server gem**.

If you have any problems, see [troubleshooting](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/blob/main/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) for next steps.

## Main features

### Navigation and IntelliSense

> The Ruby LSP provides several navigation and IntelliSense related features such as go to definition, hover, workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ruby LSP provides several navigation and IntelliSense related features, such as go to definition, hover, workspace
```

symbol, document symbol, completion and signature help.

> <video src="images/ruby/navigation.mp4" placeholder="images/ruby/navigation-placeholder.png" autoplay loop controls muted>

Reviewer: Can you add a title for accessibility purposes?

![Refactor extract to variable](images/ruby/ruby_lsp_refactor.png)

## Debugging

The Ruby LSP extension supports debugging using the debug gem (Ruby's official debugger). Alternatively, developers can
also install the [VS Code RDBG](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KoichiSasada.vscode-rdbg) extension
to get debugging functionality.

> The following documentation is for the Ruby LSP's debugger client. Please refer to RDBG's README for instructions on how

Reviewer: Suggest adding a link to the README.

to configure it.

### Debugging tests

> The Ruby LSP adds code lens buttons on top of unit tests that allow you to run examples in the test explorer, run them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ruby LSP adds CodeLens buttons on top of unit tests that enable you to run examples in the Test Explorer, run them
```
